Update whats-new.md (#1185)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/whats-new.md

  You can now manually add service or environment runtime input expressions in the pipeline YAML. The values added to the YAML will be reflected on the Harness UI. 
  
  Here's an example of the YAML:

  ```yaml
  ...
           service:
            serviceRef: CDS54249
            serviceInputs:
              serviceDefinition:
                type: Kubernetes
                spec:
                  manifests:
                    - manifest:
                        identifier: foo
                        type: K8sManifest
                        spec:
                          store:
                            type: Github
                            spec:
                              connectorRef: <+input>
                              repoName: <+input>
                              branch: <+input>
                  artifacts:
                    primary:
                      primaryArtifactRef: <+input>
                      sources: <+input>

- The [Jira Update](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-advanced/ticketing-systems-category/update-jira-issues-in-cd-stages) step now supports modifying the issue type. (CDS-54027)

>   When you update a Jira issue using the Jira Update step, you can now modify the Issue Type by selecting the desired issue type. For example, if the issue you are updating is a Story, you can update it to a Task. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you update a Jira issue using the Jira Update step, you can now modify the issue type by selecting the desired one from the drop-down list. For example, you can change a Story issue type to a Task. 
```

  ![](static/jira-update-step.png)

  The Issue Key is used to automatically fetch additional (optional) fields in the Jira Update step.
  
  ![](static/add-jira-fields.png)
  
- You can now select specific services and environments at an account or organization level by adding a rule when creating a deployment freeze window. (CDS-54222, CDS-53783)

>   When creating a deployment freeze window, you can now select specific services and environments at an account or organization level using the **Add Rule** option in the **Coverage** tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When creating a deployment freeze window, select specific services and environments at an account or organization level using the **Add Rule** option in the **Coverage** tab. 
```

  ![](static/freeze-deployments-src-env.png)

  * At the account level freeze window, you can access account level services and environments only.
  * At the organization level freeze window, you can access account and organization level services and environments.
  * At the project level freeze window, you can access account, organization, and project level services and environments.
  

>   For more information, go to [freeze deployments](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-deployments-category/deployment-freeze/).

Reviewer: Same here
